Good to see you again.
One key operation needed to find
a matching word in the previous video
was finding the K-nearest
neighbors of a vector.
We will focus on this operation
in the next few videos
as it's a basic building block for
many NLP techniques.
>> Notice that it transformed word vector
after the transformation of its embedding
through an R matrix would be in
the French word vector space.
But it is not going to be
necessarily identical to
any of the word vectors in
the French word vector space.
You need to search through the actual
French word vectors to find a French word
that is similar to the one that you
created from the transformation.
You may find words such as salut or
bonjour, which you can return as
the French translation of the word hello.
So the question is,
how do you find similar word vectors?
To understand how to find similar word
vectors, let's look at a related question.
How do you find your friends
who are living nearby?
Let's pretend that you are visiting
San Francisco in the United States and
you're visiting your dear friend Andrew.
You also want to visit your
other friends over the weekend,
preferably those who live nearby.
One way to do this is to go
through your address book and for
each friend get their address, calculate
how far they are from San Francisco.
So one friend is in Shanghai,
the other friend is in Bangalore, and
another friend is in Los Angeles.
You can sort your friends by
their distances to San Francisco,
then rank them by how close they are.
Notice that if you have a lot of friends,
which I'm sure you do,
this is a very time intensive process.
Is there a more efficient way to do this?
Notice that two of these friends
live in another continent,
while the third friend
lives in the United States.
Could you have just searched for a subset
of friends who live in the United States?
You might have realized that it may not
have been necessary to go through all of
your friends in your address in order
to find the ones closest to you.
You might have imagined if you somehow
could filter on which friends were all
in a general region,
such as North America, then you could just
search within that sub group of friends.
If there is a way to slice up
the geographic space into regions,
you could search just
within those regions.
When you think about organizing
subsets of a dataset efficiently,
you may think about placing
your data into buckets.
If you think about buckets,
then you'll definitely want
to think about hash tables.
Hash tables are useful tools for
any kind of work involving data, and
you'll learn about hash tables next.
In this video,
I showed you how using K-nearest neighbors
you could translate a word even if it's
transformation doesn't exactly match the
word embedding in the desired language.
And I introudced you to hash tables,
a useful data structure that you
will learn about in the next video.